Added reference to Xray Vision to use instead of ExecutionWorld.MAIN (#28474)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/executionworld/index.md

  > **Warning:** Due to the lack of isolation, the web page can detect the executed code and interfere with it.
  > Do not use the `MAIN` world unless it is acceptable for web pages to read, access, or modify the logic or data that flows through the executed code.
  > `MAIN` is not supported in Firefox. Instead Firefox uses "Xray Vision" to achieve similar goals. See [Share objects with page scripts](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Sharing_objects_with_page_scripts) for details.

> 

Reviewer: @rbloor Adding a mention to the Xray vision in this page sounds reasonable to me too, I had a brief chat with Rob and he is also things that it would be reasonable but we'd also prefer if this would be also:
- mention the bug tracking introducing the `MAIN` execution world to the `scripting` API in Firefox: [Bug 1736575](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1736575)
- phrasing it to sound more like the alternative approach that can be used in Firefox to reach the webpage (MAIN world) from the isolated content scripts sandbox in the meantime than the actual intended replacement to the `MAIN` world support

e.g. something like or along those lines:

> `MAIN` is not currently supported in Firefox (introducing support for it is tracked by [Bug 1736575](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1736575)), in the meantime the js code running in the isolated content script sandbox may use the Firefox "Xray Vision" as described in [Share objects with page scripts](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Sharing_objects_with_page_scripts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  > `MAIN` is not supported in Firefox (although it is planned and the work to introduce it is tracked by [Bug 1736575](https://bugzil.la/1736575)). In the meantime, JavaScript code running in the isolated content script sandbox can use the Firefox "Xray vision" feature, as described in [Share objects with page scripts](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Sharing_objects_with_page_scripts).

```
